---
published: false
title: on running (writing assignment)
layout: journal
---

I don't listen to music when I run. Instead I count my breaths, every single one, and sync them with my footsteps – when I get to ten, I check my watch, and start over again. If I lean to the left (one, two, I count), even for a fraction of a second, I can feel the pavement reverberate up my left foot; turning to the right (three, four) creates crashing vibrations through my right leg. I feel every inhalation travel through my body (five), and exhale with everything I have (six). The feelings are magnified, unified. In anatomy class we're used to picking apart the movements of the human body like a mechanic dismantling a wristwatch: tibialis anterior is the muscle that turns the foot inward. Rectus femoris extends the knee. Seventeen muscles are needed to smile, and it takes forty-three to frown. But these dry distinctions between muscles are hard to believe when I run. As the evening air whistles past me, every cell in my body sings in a chorus of motion. I am continuous, fluid, all rhythm and muscle and bone, and quietly I count under my breath until the warm light of my childhood home appears on the horizon – eight, nine, ten.

Years ago, when the months were cold and the wind sliced against my face, I called my old friend and finally admitted to her that I wanted to lie down and wait for myself to rot. I couldn't get out of bed. My arms felt like lead. The image wouldn’t leave my head: my atrophied body on a bed, stagnant and wasting. "I'm sorry," I said, and as I spoke, I broke into quick, panicked sobs. "I can't breathe. I can't stop crying."

"Yes, you can, Michael," she said with sudden conviction. "Just count to ten. One for each breath. And when you get to ten, start over again." I clung to her words like an anchor.

"You're going to survive this."

I whisper her name as my feet hit pavement.

"I am alive," I tell myself. "I am alive."

