---
published: true
title: august 2020 | sixth month of quarantine
layout: false
---

8.19.20

ugh tired of this

its 4am

Here is what i keep thinking

- I am really dissatisfied with my life and generally unhappy.
- I don’t really know what I’m waiting for or what to look forward to (if there is anything to look forward to).

Other stuff to do

- Write in this later like a real journal or something
- AMA video
- Every Genre Project
- Kanji flash cards
- Scan parent’s pictures

---

8.22.20

sixth month of quarantine. fifth day without edibles. two days since that violent, crushing anxiety attack. three days since Gabr moved into uiuc. I’m doing okay – maybe a 6/10, which is fairly high considering the last two weeks and my mood being like a big rubber band and all. I’m playing among us a ton – sometimes for five hours at a time – with the Discord. talking to Erica less and kind of “zooming out” on our friendship after how she treated Ryota. still talking to Syl every day. miss her company. weave in and out of still loving her – the usual. stopped running – it hurts, and i don’t get the same dopamine rush as before. I guess you can get tired of everything, no matter how much you like it at first. want to learn all the kanji and start the Genre Project. don’t want to do club/datamatch stuff. want to write more, maybe. miss Ania, miss Syl and Ako and Michelle and Justyn, etc. wish I could’ve seen Sylvia’s apartment once more. I like how her room smelled.

---













8.24

monday



there is a day in october where sylvia and i go to the zoo. it is a little cold, and the skies are gray. but it’s warm enough that you’ll get hot if you wear a sweater for too long.

\i think i forget sometimes how painful this is. that this is one of the most painful things ive ever had to go through. i have been by myself doing this and i have wanted to call it quits several times. (you know what i mean.)

i dont remember what sylvia wore (i wish i did), but if i had to guess – it would be a t-shirt tucked into black pants cinched with a belt, the leopard print jacket, nike socks in black shoes, beret, pointy earrings, watch and my bracelet, kumamon bag with water bottle.

\she doesn’t like the birds! remind me not to take her to see the birds.

one week before the day in october we don’t make it. it’s saturday and we wake up at eleven but we fuck twice and eat lunch at two. we find out the zoo closes at four and give up on it. but we planned better this time and hop into the uber bright and early at one pm

\it’s always hard to plan for things you know? i thought we had planned well, and that I had planned well. but it always ends sooner than u think, and u have to endure more pain than you expected to.

i remember how the day BEGAN but not how the day ENDED. i want to know, where did we sleep that night, her bed or mine? did i hog the blankets or did she? who was on the inside of the bed and who almost fell off? who said i love you last, before we fell asleep? who kissed who? and did i fall asleep happy, knowing that she would be there tomorrow? did she fall asleep happy, knowing that we still had months left before time ran out? were we happy? was that happiness? 

\and i kno— i know— let me finish! i know i am sugarcoating things! i know that happiness is never in a vacuum, our relationship had problems like any other, etc etc and everything! but i will grow old and i will forget and what i want to be left with is this: I was happy. She was happy. that is all i want to remember when i leave this behind and when my memory finally fades to black.

in the zoo we held hands and laughed at the penguins and the puffins even though they smelled bad. there were all kinds of savannah animals like zebras and okapis but the giraffes and big cats were missing. there were bears. sylvia had her water bottle but it was the one that always spilled whenever i opened it. we ate japanese snacks. we walked back (it was quite the walk, but we didn’t mind) and i taught her that word association game to pass the time.

\when i look back on our relationship one of my biggest regrets is that i didn’t take more pictures. pictures! i feel like pictures are all i try to dredge up from my memory. i close my eyes and i see, so clearly – my room, night, fairy lights, lydia’s playlist on – 

– im sitting across from sylvia on the day of spring wild, but neither of us care to go; i brought us both half and halves because of my extra meal points; she’s brainstorming ideas for her final manuscript in one of the mcpherson’s classes, and im pitching the idea of the insta-finsta/public life-private life connection. she likes the idea –

– im staying up late studying for anatomy. sylvia was reading a little life on her kindle until she fell asleep, her body curled up facing the wall. i slide next to her exhausted, and instinctively she rolls over and slings her arm over me. i kiss her head and we sleep. –

– sylvia gets back from going to sushi ai with (uh, I actually forget. is it helen and kally? That would make sense.) with an entire tupperware full of all u can eat sushi. we’re in olin first floor, on those tables with the lamps, and we’re laughing at how ridiculous the giant container is –

– it’s the monday after our break and things are strained and rainy and she has been crying all day, hurt, and i skip my rpm hours to go to her apartment, and she is teary-eyed and cries into my shoulder quietly like she is trying to hide it— and you know? You know?!! I never really understood why she was crying. I still don’t. maybe I just never fully empathized with her how she wanted –

– it’s dry runs for my very first lunar new year festival. sylvia is sitting on the tiled floor in the gargoyle with the japanese kanji textbook (the BIG blue one) next to her. she’s studying (but she doesn’t really need to. she’s good at japanese but won’t admit it). i sit next to her and show her im playing fire emblem at her recommendation. we talk about it for a while. she likes tharja and i think the girl who can transform into a dragon is cool. as she nodes and gestures her pink hair bounces. she’s the only one im comfortable with there. –

\and pictures and PICTURES ON PICTURES!!!! IT NEVER REALLY STOPS!!! And here i sit remembering and stewing without any outlet for it and im not sure what it makes me – cynical? hopeless? heartbroken? numb? depressed? manic? it makes me feel lonely more than anything. I am lonely more than anything. I am lonely more than anything. but I know I was happy once. I was so so stupidly happy once. and I will hold on to it, and I want to hold on to it, for as long as it lasts.





---





8.29.20



hahahah imagine being emotionally vulnerable in august 2020??!





so erica and i kinda went from 0 to 100 really fast in our friendship. we didnt really start w common interests and during quarantine we kinda went RIGHT to sharing trauma and unpacking past relationships and emotional intimacy stuff (which is kind of what i needed in the moment, since it was when we were ending things), but we kind of skipped over common interests and superficial hobbies to chat about

and like erica likes emotional intensity, and she likes verbalizing it, and saying stuff like “you’re really important to me,” and “im so glad i met you,” and of course i say it back reflexively because how else would i respond? but i dont really know if i mean it when i say it back. its like i do care about her, but i feel overwhelmed when she says things like that. and after we hang out and i get back home i let out a breath i didnt know i was holding



---









9.11

last day home I guess. am feeling conflicted. I feel a strange mix of dread and apprehension about going back to school, being in my apartment, being surrounded by that space. I don’t know if I’ll be happy there. but then again I didn’t think I would ever be happy stuck at home in quarantine, but I acclimated – and now I have something resembling happiness. let’s say… I feel content. or… I feel entertained. that is, I have finally accumulated enough shit to occupy myself with so that I can distract myself from the deep well of unhappiness that lives on, and on inside of me. there’s a quote from bojack horseman where mr. peanutbutter says (and I will copypaste it here bc I don’t feel like paraphrasing):

> The universe is a cruel, uncaring void.
>
> The key to being happy isn’t a search for meaning. It’s just to keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you’ll be dead!

and maybe this is a more satisfying. less disappointing way to think about it! I can sit in my room and memorize kanji and play league of legends, and move on to the next fixation when I get tired of it. before this it was avatar. before that it was listening to music. and before that it was animal crossing, and running. and before that it was bojack horseman. and so on and so forth, and there’s so much media in the world (thanks capitalism) that you never really get bored of it. the dopamine rush from refreshing twitter. the laughter from some offlinetv highlights video. the ecstasy of a high score in a video game. there’s no getting away from it anymore. 

it is sad from a certain perspective – the fact that so many are glued to screens – but I think it’s good, if it’s something that keeps people going? Tara once told me, so many years ago, that looking forward to the next Marvel movie in the cinematic universe is what kept her alive. I think that means something.

but anyway, back to the apprehension – I guess I don’t want to talk to erica. or helen or amanda I guess. and I don’t want to ride my bike around. and I don’t want to walk around campus. and I don’t want to be in my apartment, and feel the place where sylvia used to be, and feel her presence even when she is not there, and feel the cold air on my face and my fingertips as I remember what it was like to walk hand in hand, wearing gloves, holding each other close. it reminds me too much of home, a home i used to have. it hurts, and it hurts, and it hurts, and I try to convince myself that I am numbed to it but I am not. 

I would write more, about these things, but I’m really passing out:

- being disturbed about the comparison between me/sylvia and erica/isaac
- my apprehension about erica in the first place
- some kind of vacation with josie and etc
- trying to get back into writing
- the crackhead idea of learning 2k kanji
- when i will see sylvia again
- seeing ania

goodnight tho































