---
published: false
title: on siblings (writing assignment)
layout: journal
---

In my three-year-old eyes, my baby brother Gabriel Guevarra Dizon looked like a fresh peach, with his rosy cheeks and sparse fuzzy hair. Overwhelmed with love, I visited his crib every morning, afternoon, and evening, and planted dozens of clumsy, wet kisses on his peach-fuzz head.

And I loved him so much I bit him.

Imagine, for a moment, the split second when my brother's ear-piercing scream tore through our house: my father, collapsed on the couch after his morning hospital rounds, waking up with a surprised "Buh! Huh?" before nearly falling on the floor. Picture my mother, spatula still in hand from making today's meal, who was not so much surprised as exhausted, dutifully rushing from the kitchen to the living room. Little Gabby was screaming like no one had screamed before, and my mouth was still latching onto his ear, baby teeth dug into flesh like a tiger learning to hunt. 

When I saw my parents barreling towards us I finally released my teeth, and more screams filled the air -- Dad immediately began scolding me for biting my brother, and I was crying too because I hated being yelled at. He screamed. I screamed. Gabriel was still screaming. We all wailed in tandem, and as my mom whisked away the screaming baby boy, I couldn't wrap my head around why he was being comforted while I was being scolded. 

It was in those days that I didn't know how to handle a brother. I once slammed the garage door on his six-year-old fingers in my excitement for the day's field trip. I pushed him off of the couch when he was being a little too nosy about what I was doing on my brand-new Nintendo DS. When Gabriel took an interest in some strawberry-shaped toy I was playing with, I fought over the toy with him and twisted it apart in my bare hands. 

There are so many baby videos where the spotlight is on a tender moment with sweet Gabriel -- him reciting the alphabet, counting to ten, or singing joyfully with the Sound of Music -- and then a gangly toddler shoves his face in front of the camera, saying, "Look at ME count, Mommy! I can count even better! And the ABCs!" The moment is shattered, my brother clams up, and the rest of the alphabet is left unsaid. 

This is now ancient history. When I ask him now, Gabe (he hates to go by Gabriel nowadays) says he doesn't really remember any of those stories, and goes back to scrolling through his phone. He probably doesn't remember my toddler face annoying him day in and day out. But every so often I think of the peach-fuzz face behind his six-foot-tall facade, and remind myself how much I owe him for those childhood years.

