---
published: true
title: my second, or third(?) acid trip (not shrooms)
layout: journal
---

something about learning japanese for sylvia.

something about how "she's not worth it"

ania, and my mistakes, and being careless

something about a life of austerity, like the japanese poets of the late heian/early tokugawa periods were like? living alone, seclusion, discipline, deprival

taking cold showers every day or something

light and sound

everything being a performance. a beating in my ears. one two three four, two two three four. performing on and on for josie because you pity her. wondering what kind of performance you would've put on at erica's instead. wonder how erica is doing. wondering about erica. 

wondering whether you've ever stopped counting — one and two and three — ever since you learned the vocabulary from piano. a metronome in your head. a ticking time bomb. wanting to seclude yourself so that you don't blow up; carrying a huge stack of groceries but not wanting to drop anything anywhere, 

a miracle that nobody honked at you on the bike ride back, the frigid wind rushing onto your face, down your back, into your shoes, between your toes. a desperation to get home.

a strange sense of guilt and relief at the whole erica thing and wondering what kind of message i was even sending that late at night — imagine waking up from a sleepless, anxious messy pudle of a night at the stroke of midnight, and your best friend calling to say that he needs some space. how can you go back to sleep? how do you wake up tomorrow?

terrified and frozen in the CVS, wondering if we would run into erica perhaps getting solo cups or ping pong balls for her lunar new year party, or alice and andrew, or anyone like that. truly fearful. josie swipes the card, and it doesn't work, so the manager is called over. I continue waiting.

an almost painful irony in that i got the tabs for alice and andrew (and maybe erica) and i am not sure if i can even have a good trip with the three of them if i have these thoughts in my head.

a reminder from today that what is crucial for an acid trip — unquestionably, unarguably crucial — is taking into account how you feel about the people around you. A real, honest account. of whether or not you'll have to perform, and of whom you will perform to. of what people you'll cling to on the way up.      and the people you have to indulge on the way down

a pity for josie.

relief that i didn't let myself get hit by a car, or bike somewhere unknown in the freezing cold, or break down crying in the kitchen.

helen calls josie a "mother hen" and feels deeply uncomfortable being cared for. sylvia once said josie "was called an 'old soul' too many times in high school" and really took it to heart. my take is that she is extraordinarily lonely and it is tragic that i can do nothing — should do nothing — to help her. maybe another version of me, one that could indulge in my idealistic goal of helping people, or making people feel as happy as possible, would help. but not me now. i don't have space.

knowing that i withhold many, MANY of my thoughts from josie.

josie considers erica one of her closest friends — this will come to bite me later. 

regret for ania. deep regret, irreperably so

cleaning. the entryway caked in salt and snow. the swiffer back and forth, feeling myself break a sweat. washing the dishes, cleaning the toaster. writing that note, over and over rewriting until it was passable. shame at having had ania see me like that.

helen and i calling, and shitting on poetry, and talking about how great gen 4 of pokemon was, and her and emily, dating but not dating, and my thing with bangs, and her thing with hypercompetent yet emotionally unavailable people because she wants to fix them, and deep insecurity, and where mental illness comes from, and that whole gender thing (am i a girl? is she a boy? who knows) and commisserating about our honest feelings for josie and erica, and she asks, over and over, "am i toxic? are WE toxic?" and i feel repulsion, revulsion about being labeled someone as potentially toxic. but i am. self-centered. and self-absorbed. and careless. and i should not have let my friends into my apartment. and i look at all of the things, at the debris strewn all over the floor of my head, at the pictures of sylvia all over the walls, and i have to take a deep breath and say "yeah. this is toxic."

bangs are cute, and victoria chen is cute, and so is alice nguyen, but ethan shen is not. (also ethan and martha and ethan/nick smut)

helen says sylvia is not worth it and that she is just a girl.

on the way up towards the high: I was clutching rilakkuma and talking about whether consciousness was real? or free will? or something just VERY acid trippy and looking back it was really very performative to talk like that. I understand why helen walked home. I really truly do.

on the way down, as i walked quietly to my bike, I understood why helen walked home.

Cold, hungry.

A lot of waiting, somehow, in my stairwell.

