---
published: true
title: january sad thoughts (don't take seriously)
layout: journal
---

I am really tired
01-13-2021 05:02

i wonder why i stay up so late. i wonder a lot of things. sometimes i get so frustrated i want to scream or break everything in the room, or throw all the stuff on my shelves onto the floor like some kind of terrified, crazed maniac. i dont really know why i stay up this late. i lie in bed wondering, and thinking, eyes wide open, about how uncomfortable i am, about the incessant ringing in my ears, and how itchy my skin feels, as if something's about to crawl out of me, since apparently i can't even feel comfortable experiencing my own skin. i barely know what to think, i barely have any optimism for thinking about the future; or motivation for doing work; or creativity to write something new; or even the bare minimum of self-awareness needed to write about my day or my past or some shit. it is very hard for me to enjoy anything but not that hard for me to pretend, so i keep pretending, and i keep staying up, and i wake up the next day restlessly ready to waste another pocket of twelve, fourteen, eighteen hours staring at screens and feeling relentlessly, hopelessly frustrated and cynical and poisonous and bad. my brain feels like ink splattered on a notebook, a rotting, rusted corpse of a thing jammed into my head like a spike. im going to try to sleep again.

sylvia was always the best of me, you know? she was always the best. and i still get flashes sometimes, i see her next to me as we walk back to her apartment after wasting time in olin, and im skipping mystery fiction to lie on her bed and bother her, staring at the paper cranes on the ceiling, wondering what we're going to eat for dinner; in chicago, her body warm breathing next to mine curled up under the covers; that sort of thing. it annoys me. i suppress it as best i can and distract myself with whatever the fuck is in front of me. she is not here anymore and i am left alone with the most rotted, caustic parts of myself to jostle around in my head and press against the backs of my eyeballs

sylvia is still in my phone but that doesn't really count anymore.

it tires me, to be here, and to pretend, and to waste and waste, and i cant even fathom myself leaving this part of me behind because i don't know what comes next anymore. is there healing, optimism, the jokes that "oh, i was really depressed during christmas break, but im fine, im chilling, we're good?" is there any real -growth- where i find some new angle to look at things, and say to someone like erica, or ania, "it's been hard, but i'm better now?" or will i just say that so that they don't worry as much? that sounds like such a stretch, and i can barely move. i feel as if i will just fill my head with useless shit until my body or mind actually gives out (whichever comes first) and then i'll die or something

i am unfathomably cynical about my future and whether i will actually make it out of the tedium of everyday life, the meaninglessness of zoom university, the deluge of work for medical school applications, the gauntlet of medical school itself. i am terrified of the prospect of opening up to somebody else and inevitably disappointing them with my flattery and insincerity. i am sick and tired of the self-indulgence of writing about my emotions and burdening others with them. it is nauseating to rely on the panacea of media to distract myself from how much i am deeply dissatisfied with my life, and how disappointed i am in myself for stagnating and becoming like this, how much i hate, hate, loathe myself. it disgusts me

in the dreams i am still in love with sylvia, and she is holding me and i am holding her, and we're holding hands at the zoo or something, and she's telling me the story of how justine passed out in the library, how worried she was, or maybe she's talking about her confession to cindy in middle school, or maybe she's talking about how that one grad student in her class liked her piece (the only one whose opinion she cares about), or maybe she's telling me about the videos she made with her sister, claudia, when she was young called "bad bear," or maybe she's talking about having attended annling's baptism, or we're eating half and halves instead of going to wild, or we're with ako smoking, or we're kissing and kissing and dissolving, etc etc etc, and the sylvia NOW tells me not to fall in love with an idea, but isn't it a good idea? Weren't these good memories? Wasn't there a time when it wasn't an idea, and it was real, and it was a world I actually inhabited, and a body I could live in and not hate?
