---
published: true
title: fifth, maybe fourth? acid trip
layout: journal
---

On Caroline:

—watching emily steam the robes

—the ball

—bell hooks poem

—    


when I think about caroline lately I feel a pain—a deep sadness in my heart that keeps me from thinking about anything else. a weight in my head. i remember falling asleep next to hear; the leaf falling from the sky as i prayed; the smell of her shirt; her graceful form doing yoga next to me as i shook; the poems she read me and the stories i told her; the way she looks directly into my eyes; lying down in her bed with her head on my arm and readjusting so we felt more comfortable; how we laughed and laughed; how i felt like life is a joy; 

caroline looks at me and interrupts my story. "you make me feel safe too."

orange light and yellow...

"bro, WHAT?"

you're the horse, man!

frou frou the horse falling

{% include divider.html %}

the darkening sky through caroline's window. the guy coughing all over the place. people walking with their babies and their families.
"you could tell me it was any time right now, and i would believe you."
"i think... it's seven pm."
"i think... hm. six fifteen."
"do you want to check?"
"no."

{% include divider.html %}

trying to fall asleep in her bed but your thoughts are so jittery, so fast. you can tell caroline's eyes are wide open. your bodies breathe next to each other. you wake up in a cold sweat, soaking her shirt—


eating eggs and toast the next morning, and the world is smooth now. what were once wavy uncertain lines have straightened out into walls and corners. bright sunlight fills the dollhouse of caroline's room. it's 7am. you're watching caroline do her makeup after she showers and smelling her shampoo. almost changing out of her shirt, but deciding to keep it on because, well, why? why did you want to keep it? as a memory of the trip, of her? why so sentimental?
she makes you tea with milk and sugar. you leave her an envelope with a bracelet and a poem two days later. you never see her again.

{% include divider.html %}

Caroline—

I was thinking today that if the last time I ever saw you was this drug-infused romp through your apartment, walking in circles, complaining about your roommate, laughing at Carhenge, crying at that awful bear, and watching the orange sky cast rectangles of light onto your ceiling — if these were the last moments of our friendship, then I'd be really sad. I really would. We pick things up where we left off so well. So this isn't goodbye — I know I'll see you again! I'll visit New York (maybe even sooner then you think). 

The other day I prayed for the first time in a while, and I prayed a decade with this rosary bracelet I have. A few years ago my parents got a bunch of these bracelets from some flea market in the Philippines, and told me to give them out to my friends (fully knowing that most of my friends, well, aren't religious). I'm giving one to you. I hope you can get some use out of it.

You were my first friend at this place, and you still are my friend. I really hope you'll stay in my life.

Thank you for everything,
Michael 

Helen—

I know you're not one for sappy words, so — as I like to say — I'll keep it short. Thank you for years of your company, your hospitality, your shitty arguments, and your friendship. I've loved our hours and hours of conversations and ProZD videos, and long walks around Forest Park, and you know what? You're not as narcissistic as you think. You've shown me so, so much generosity that all I can do is feel grateful. 

I hope we can meet again soon, maybe in New York, where you'll have your own apartment where you can watch the rain hit the windows, or in St. Louis, where you can sit on Sylvia's chair. And this time I'll let you smoke from my vape, or make rice balls for you.

Thank you for everything,
Michael
