---
published: false
title: moment of weakness
layout: journal
---

[220102] in moments of weakness i dream of an orange room in the springtime bathed in the morning light… she cooked me eggs the next morning

[220109] i was fascinated by your novelty, by your infatuation with the antiquated and the historical, how you would collect tattered books and hideously forgotten stuffed animals, and bizarre Goodwill clothes with garish colors, and that beautiful tattoo of hands on your upper thigh

---

Caroline,

do you have that essay or piece or project you wrote on the baby pageants throughout the 20th century, the one you did for senior year of college? ever since you told me about it, it pops up in my brain every so often. the idea of babies as commodities, as pretty objects, dolls. and the ranking of them too. what a weird vibe. 

i was also wondering, do you know what it is like at the end of a relationship? 

how do you know?

when do the scales tip from a relationship you’d want to pour your whole heart into, to something different?

i loved you at some point. I don’t think I actually loved you because, honestly, I barely knew you. sharing anecdotes about high school and trading stories about our days at bd… those are kind of the more surface level axes that we defined our friendship on. we would wax philosophical about languages, songs, books, words, art, poetry, gender, sexuality, but again, all par for the course for liberal arts college friends. there were so many times that I just wanted to grab you and shake you a little and ask, what is REALLY going on behind that head of orange hair? and maybe that’s why i fell for you in the first place, because i was fascinated by my lack of knowledge, by your novelty, by your infatuation with the antiquated and the historical and the used, how you would gravitate towards used books with notes scribbled in the margins and hideously forgotten and dusty stuffed animals, and bizarre Goodwill clothes with garish colors, and that beautiful tattoo of hands on your upper thigh. I had to know more. I craved it. whether it was by head or by heart I just could not get enough of piecing together the puzzle called caroline. so I fell in love not because I knew you but because I wanted to know; i fell in love not with you but with the idea of falling itself, the imperceptible yet great shifts between the unknowing and the deepest intimacy two people can share. 

And I tried to give you a nickname. It never stuck. I heard you sobbing behind the door. i wanted desperately to help but knew it wasn’t me. it could never have been me. never would be
