---
published: false
title: a non-depressing diary entry
layout: journal
---

It's been a long time since I've written, and part of me wants to fall back into the habit of writing when I'm in a good mood, or even just an average mood. I think my life at this point deserves more documentation and self-reflection than I've been giving it, and when I look back on things I've written before, all I see is a vast sea of self-hatred, loathing, disgust, depression, etc. That's because I only write when I'm feeling down you know? Most of the time I feel pretty decent actually. And some of the time I feel happy, and on rare occasions I feel euphoric, like everything is light and all I can do is laugh. So, you know. This is all about giving myself credit for feeling happy, something I don't do often enough. 

Anyway, I feel pretty okay now. I'm commenting for Very Social and the volume has increased a lot. When it used to be just 60-100 comments per day now it's 300-600 because I'm actually being forced to really do the comments instead of just half-assing it. I don't really mind though. Sylvia isn't in my corner anymore since she's quitting, so I have to buckle down and do it myself. That's the way it is, and at least I'm getting a ton of money for it. I'll optimize it anyway. And add another hour on my timesheet.

I've been taking meds more frequently and (attempting to) shy away from weed in the last few weeks, and it's going back to giving me energy. But rubberbanding between lots of energy and 0 energy is throwing me for a loop a little bit… I keep bouncing between trying to build habits, like yoga or reading, and just abandoning them altogether. But I've always done that, you know. Starting then quitting when I don't feel like it anymore or lose motivation. So it goes. I know my habits will circle around and I'll get back into it. I do wish I could read more frequently though. 

Sylvia and I are doing well, and I keep thinking about love and commitment as concepts now. I really want us to work! And I'm willing to try and do my best for it and I know she is too. I think we've gotten over the head in the clouds conflict. I know she is doing her best because when she messes up she apologizes and I do too and we do our best not to hurt each other. She treats me well and I treat her well and I'm a lot happier when she's around and when we chat. I guess what I'm feeling isn't really infatuation anymore? It's more like a commitment? And the silent quiet realization that every day, Sylvia's life becomes more part of mine, and mine in hers. I'm really always thinking of her. Even the smallest things like when she listens to me blab about photography or science or tutoring, and even though I still don't know what I want to do with my life.

Med school applications are rough. As I kind of expected I'm getting rejection after rejection which, although I don't want to admit it, still stings every time I get the emails with the subject lines "__ Medical School Admissions Decision." The most recent ones were Brown yesterday and WashU and SLU in the same day on Wednesday. It hurts. I really feel like I tried my best over the last four years filling them with things I was really passionate about, but then it wasn't really good enough. I guess I'm being punished for not making those four years solely about sitting my ass in some clinic or hospital front desk job. It leads me to frustration and even anger, emotions I'm not really used to, and wishing death and immense pain among the members of admissions committees. It's also hard because I'm so ambivalent about what to do with my life. When I ultimately fail this application cycle what will it be because? Because the system sucks? Because I didn't have enough clinical hours? Because I didn't want it enough? Because it's a sign that it isn't meant for me? Because one of my recommendation letters actually sucked? Because my personal statement wasn't as good as I thought it was? Because I didn't ask thoughtful enough questions at the Jefferson interview? 

I wish I could know.

Anyway those have been the thoughts running through my head for the last several weeks… in addition to photography. I use the Olympus camera as often as I can! I love taking photos. That 50mm 1.8 lens is a JOY to shoot and when I finally work up the nerve I'm going to splurge on the 35mm… or maybe a different SLR because I feel that I'm starting to outgrow the OM-10? It's got some quirks that annoy me a bit, the shutter speed dial for one, the awkward placement of the ISO dial, how the light meter doesn't turn on sometimes, focusing… but I love it so much. I think it'll be another year or maybe two before I can finally part from it. And like I said I am obsessed with that 50mm lens. 
It's so satisfying to finally be able to document parts of my life in a way I'm happy with. I didn't really understand how important memories were to me until I started losing them, until even the most significant parts of high school or early college began to fade away in my mind, sepia-toned or foggy. Even though they were cringey and I was so different I find myself wishing I could throw myself back into those years, close my eyes and re-experience what it was like. Like a dramatic anime flashback. I use pictures as my solution to that I guess? And film feels much more permanent in that regard. Knowing that pieces of my memories, transient moments in time, have FOREVER been ingrained in pieces of silver through flashes of light, is so powerful to me. People used to say "making" pictures instead of "taking" pictures, implying an act of creation on the act of the photographer and camera. It's a blessing to be able to make pieces of art… a memory lasting a lifetime created within thousandths of a second. How beautiful is that! If I could spend my whole life making memories and taking pictures of them I would be happy. And eating good food. And traveling with Sylvia. And seeing my friends…I'm excited to take a lot of pictures in New York and in Minnesota later this year. Which reminds me, I need to get that Marias and sledding roll developed!

I also think about the things that actually make me happy these days and I feel like they always revolve around beauty. A beautiful picture from my camera, or music that makes you feel like you're floating; the Marias concert: live music with its swaying crowd and music suffused with emotion, the sheer excitement for a trumpet solo or simply the magical, ethereal appearance of Maria herself. She didn't seem real but at the same time she felt like the only real thing in the world. And for a few brief moments she seemed immaculate. (I hope the pictures turn out well.) Anyway, everything seems sensory nowadays, immediate. I can't imagine the future, or plan for it, I'm not goal-oriented like so many medical students or just motivated people in general are. I don't think about careers. I just think about how beautiful the moment in front of me can be, and I keep chasing, waiting, for the next beautiful thing to pass in front of me, the next scene I can hold within that gorgeous 50mm lens, the next experience that makes me feel like nothing else exists. Maybe that's a denial of reality or something, and you might accuse me of escapism. But I actually feel like anything ELSE amounts to escapism. Throwing yourself into a career or a school or something like that… isn't that distracting yourself from what really matters to you? Sunbeams and friends and family and love and light? Poetry and literature and music and the great works of art? The grandness and awe of the natural world? Games and drinks and drugs and laughter? Brief touches of hands and the weight of a body on top of you? Why would I need anything else?

That's all for now.

02-12-2022 02:06 