---
published: false
title: more thoughts on weed & plain scrambled eggs
layout: journal
---

They thought me repulsive. I was repulsive.

I had two dreams last night. In the first I was in a crowd of people at a music festival losing myself, losing sight of everything yet swaying endlessly with the colors and the sound of the music. I coughed. The people behind me turned. They thought I had covid. The people behind me began backing away slowly, mortified. They were disgusted. In complete shock that something so digusting had invaded their space. I had ruined it all and the music stopped. I pleaded. "Wait, no, please don't leave, please, please, I'm not sick, I'm not sick" yet they began running, trampling across the grass desperately to get away from me, the sick, the disgusting, the diseased, the abandoned.

In the second I was sprinting towards the sunset with my camera in hand. The colors were beautiful, orange, pink, red, purple, blue. I could barely see beyond the blurs of color, my legs were giving out, my eyes nearly blinded, my heart pumping over and over and then suddenly I felt a great tumbling, and I was in a hospital bed. My father told me I would never be able to raise my heart rate again or my weakened diseased heart would give up and die. Bedridden, useless. A futile body

I have an unhealthy relationship with weed in that in the first 3-4 hours, it feels great, I'm vibing to music, sometimes I nut, sometimes I sing along, sometimes I laugh at funny tiktoks. But after that is when a haze begins to grow within me, a tumorous black hole opening up in my brain, and I make eye contact with the devil. It is only after a glimpse of the devil that you start to understand heaven; it is only after a glimpse of God that you begin to understand hell. He/it/whatever convinces me that this is the end. I stumble around my room staring into mirrors saying to myself "this isn't real, this isn't real," notifications from invisible people fill up my phone, I can't look at it but I do, I try to adjust the lights, eat something, wear a different blanket, turn on the fan, but I feel like I want to burst out of my own skin, it scares me, I lose grip, I get it back, the waves take me away, and I suffer. I suffer. I never get to sleep.

I was so scared

I couldn't breathe

I need to stop getting high

{% include divider.html %}

I think often about the moment when you stop crying—when an invisible knot within you comes undone, when the hole abruptly closes, when the tears that fall out of you like a broken faucet suddenly dry up. You open your eyes and suddenly the pain you thought would last forever is satiated, even just for a moment. To your surprise, it has passed. Yet this is how it always is.

I have struggled with what is called "bipolar disorder" for my entire life. It has always been hard for me to accept that my experiences—good or bad, energetic or abysmal, religious or demonic, loving and hating—have been inexplicably focused through the damaged, disease lens of a psychological disorder. Whether it is facet of my psyche, as inescapable as my identity, or a disease that has a snare on my brain, digging into it like barbed wire, it has given me experiences I can barely carry. At times I can fly and at others I feel so repulsive I want to tear my heart out of my chest. But it always passes. As it always does.

I think to myself:

_And someone you love enters the room_

_and says wouldn’t_

_you like the eggs a little_

<br>

_different today?_

_And when they arrive they are_

_just plain scrambled eggs and the warm weather_

_is holding._