---
published: false
title: For Phineas Gage
layout: post
---

<i></i>

*Phineas P. Gage (1823–1860) was an American railroad<br>construction worker remembered for his improbable<br>survival of an accident in which a large iron rod was<br>driven completely through his head.*
{: style="text-align: right; font-size:80%"}

Hey Phineas, <br>
<br>
Me again. You don’t remember me, but I remember you. <br>
You’re the star of Psych 101 slides, the DSM-5, your demise<br>
repeated endlessly in lecture halls. Modern Lazarus, miracle <br>
of psychiatrist and pop scientist. I know you were <br>
opening your mouth to speak, when—<br>
<br>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;pierced<br>
<br>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;through the head. Six kilograms of iron<br>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;shattered your upper jaw, and <br>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;passed through of your left eye, and<br>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;emerged out the top of the head,<br>
<br>
&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;metal through flesh. <br>
<br>
I saw the flash of light when your frontal lobe was obliterated.<br>
I know of the gunpowder, its metallic taste. Truly, <br>
I’ve read all about it. Call me your biggest fan.<br>
You regurgitated blood for two days and<br>
laid comatose for twelve. Your hands turned ice-cold but<br>
your cheeks flushed feverish, I’ve seen you catatonic. I've seen where<br>
the iron rod entered your skull, tonic-clonic seizure, <br>
the caverns where your myopic eyes should have been.<br>
I know that logically, there’s no way you can<br>
hear me, but I have to ask,<br>
did it hurt?<br>
<br>
And what was it like?<br>
<br>
I'm not talking about the accident, I’m talking about afterwards—<br>
when you survived. <br>
<br>
You were different afterwards, weren’t you? Your friends<br>
called you an animal, said “no longer Gage” <br>
as the convulsions set in.<br>
<br>
I only ask because my brain takes from me too, a seizure,<br>
it trapped me in bed while I gasped for air, manic,<br>
only gave back the metal-cold knife<br>
grasping for the inside of my arm.<br>
<br>
I panicked. I ran for it. Running shoes on,<br>
sprinted from my childhood home at 4am.<br>
Moonlight. No clouds. Warm summer air<br>
filled my lungs and tumbled its way out. <br>
<br>
I buried the knife at the end of the road.<br>
<br>
But you're different. You asked for it back. I saw it. I saw the note<br>
secretly scribbled to the doctors, asking them to <br>
return your iron rod after its excision from your skull.<br>
<br>
Which is what I can’t imagine. Because I’m trying to <br>
escape the DSM-5, aren’t you? I’m trying to get this iron rod<br>
out of my eye without taking everything with it;<br>
split second, one wrong move, I’m “no longer Gage,”<br>
or just as much Gage as you are.<br>
<br>
How many pieces were you split into that day?<br>
How many more do you think I can take?<br>
<br>
And did it hurt?<br>
