---
published: true
title: new year
layout: journal
---

errands today—eggs, milk, weed, condoms. also went to kinokuniya to find austin’s secret santa gift. i can’t believe i forgot he liked Chika and not Rin… easy to get orange hair love live girls mixed up.

the letter—it’s incompleteness—weighs heavily on my mind. how will i write this? how could i think i would send it out today…? i told taoru i would send it, and i see him on january 9th. kind of sets an external deadline for me, which is what i need, i think.

in other news: SAT classes resume tomorrow. and, finally, a stroke of good fortune in sylvia’s negative pregnancy test.

some notes on the artifacts. yesterday i found uno cards scattered all over the pavement on steinway street. it was gross but i picked them up anyway. isn’t it sad? i wonder if they were sad to lose such a fun game. i wondered if they said “uno!” before all the cards fell.

good class today at renaissance. grammar, commas, stuff like that. i have to admit that i like the vanity of teaching—being up in front of the class, admitting i get consistent 1500s on practice SATs. it would be fun to tell them that i get high during the practice sections haha. 

today, i spent too much time getting high. i taped my vape to chopsticks so i wouldnt lose it.  stay tuned for whether i do anything about this habit. i also did my makeup but only felt a little bit more feminine. i’m still addicted to incremental games and the nyc subway system.

sylvia dropping by tomorrow; she got her period.
